hey what's going on guys it's style 69
again and today bring you a minecraft
map I just download it's called escape
the church I'll even link in the
description for those of you who want to
play it but for those of you who didn't
watch mine and Tony's let's play up the
other forgotten cave thing we just did
basically I download a map off the
internet and I'm gonna play through it
so what's gonna be kind of like a let's
play and these games are kind of like
mini games here as you can see here hold
on looks are taken and millionaire is
that one villager mod so you guys should
should search for that if you guys won
see that but anyways I'm gonna go ahead
read the story for you guys you are a
weary thief looking for a way to put
away your pests you see a church you go
in looks like this guy is feeling guilty
and how long them turn down my TV volume
real quick cuz it's pretty annoying
their time to do Oh mentalist awful show
anyway but here we go when can you jump
up here and the rules state that you
can't destroy any block unless it's sand
or clay but you can destroy any block
the game tells you to so let's go ahead
go in here whoa let's trip you how do I
open this
don't door mysteriously luck no no it's
locked I can't do anything and you can't
even break this can you oh you can but
you're not allowed to and why is there a
chicken in the podium or whatever these
are called i don'ti anoles I think
they're called pues or something oh I
was right look right here pues how you
doing in here chicken you are not only
okay anyways pues it's kind of a strange
name to call chairs again I'm guessing
this is the podium then give me look
turn the song 7000 I what's going on
song 17
all these pews what I am I supposed to
do here all right let's see if we can
climb up this ladder
huh
holy crap that's close what is this I
think it's gold but I don't know I'm not
too good on minecraft here but you can
see I think you can jump either can we
can it's kind of weird
Oh American Idol finale is on oh boy
what a bad time to pick this huh even
though Canadian i watch American Idol
but let's go up here see
doesn't look like there's anything up
here is there
it's over here
message to the song leader there is no
page 17 that's strange because down
there they said turn to page 17 we're
song 17 let's see what's going down down
there guessing song 17 has to do
something with it though I like these
kinds of games you have to figure out
what to do turn the song seven teams
where you turn to the sign say any way
out the door mysteriously locks behind
you creepy Motel swear some reason
that's wool but I can't to be too sure
let's climb up here kind of churches
turn to song 17 what we talking about
what song 17
boy this is getting frustrated Oh get
them playing on peaceful choir him of
the day 17 17 that number always seems
to pop up him of the day 17 where song
17 I don't even know what they're saying
quire requires up there
let's try it and climb up here again
let's see
wondering but I don't know what to do
turn to song seven what song there's no
song
oh yeah you should climb up here again
huh
maybe just maybe
message to the song there is no page 17
what's that supposed to mean oh my god
I'm trapped in here
there is why would you leave a message
on top of a roof anyway if you want them
to find it you're not gonna leave it on
the roof but let's go ahead and hold on
oh crap okay there we go
oops
oh oh there we go
oh boy are we gonna do here song 17 huh
quite a dilemma we got a dilemma on our
hands I guess I should probably search
the pews pues
song 17 Oh see anything here tells you
about it it's weird me you kill his
chicken or something back here back here
die oh no no go feather turn the songs
come on what is song 17 how long been
running around here for
turned his song 17 haven't kind of
having a lot of trouble with this I'm
like that my that bad at solving puzzles
o più one
and seven is over here
pew 717
I don't even know
how do you even turn the page there's
nothing here
this is frustrating man and why was
there a block over there I was weird
how's the guys anything to do with it
though
put all these torches annoying as heck